The Joe Rogan experience.
Because things would play it at the drive-in and then go away. Yeah.
That was like, that's how I felt when the first time, um, when I loved,
when 40 strike, second street, New York was the real 42nd street. Right.
And I remember it was so funny. Me and my friend,
my roommate back then we'd always go to 42nd street to see movies could be like
cannibal Holocaust. I would just see the posts. What the is cannibal Holocaust.
And he goes, see this Italian cannibal movie. This is literally the most vile.
I cannot believe another human made this movie. Right. It blows your mind.
But every time I went to 42nd street,
I saw a really bad incident happened. Like, you could not go there.
Like, we'd be like, wait in line. And like, oh,
let's go get some French fries for the movie. Two guys to start fighting.
And McDonald's one guy would just pummeled the other guy.
That'd be blood everywhere. I go. It happened next time we go,
we'd see guy stab another guy in the theater while watching there.
It is it like, literally I'd never went there once.
And even right till I was recording my album before I moved,
I remember walking to the studio, which was like maybe 43rd.
And there was a dead body lying there and they had just found them and they were
just starting to put the sheet. So I actually didn't see the violent act,
but I saw the dead body,
but he didn't care like New York. It was like New York.
When I moved to New York in 82, still seemed like, you know, taxi driver in.
New York. Yeah. Well that was when it was, it was coming from.
Heyvrill.
West. So exciting. Cause Heyvrill so boring in comparison.
It couldn't be more boring if its goal was to be boring. It's gold medal.
It's exceeded. I remember Haverhill was so bad that when we were kids,
I remember, I don't forget what maybe this was.
Maybe the bison were on the bicentennial.
I think they were trying to drive business because main street,
they can't even blame Walmart back then. It was dead. There was nothing there.
It was just a ghost town. And they're like, they just put all these banners up.
Heyvrill the All-American city. But it was like,
the catchphrase is going to matter.
Make people open businesses So bad I'm to sell flags.
Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
I went to New York city for the first time in the eighties as well.
I'm trying to remember what year it was. It was like somewhere,
probably around 82 or 83. And uh,
when we were in the city driving around, I remember thinking like,
this is the craziest place I've ever been in my life. The buildings were so big.
It didn't make sense. Pulling up to it.
I remember we drove up on the west side highway and you see the city coming up
in the dislikes, see the buildings getting larger and larger as you get closer.
It's mental.
It seemed real. I remember being on the sidewalk.
Now this is coming from a place where a sidewalk means.
There's literally no other person on the sidewalk as far as you can see. Right.
And they was standing on the sidewalk and must've been uptown somewhere.
And it was like, you couldn't move with people. I was like, what is happening?
Right. I never seen like, this is how it is all the time.
Like I live in the street in Haverhill, like a car drive,
drove down it like once a day.
And it was probably your dad coming home from work. Like there was just nothing.
If you could have, if you had a time machine though,
and you went from 1982 and you said, Hey,
what do you think it's going to look like here in 2019, you'd be like, man,
it's going to be mad max. Like,
there'd be cars driving with black smoke coming out of him and people shooting
people right on the street. It's going to be, it's going to get worse. It's.
Yeah. The only thing I remember right towards my end of being there,
there was the Tompkins square, you know, downtown.
And that was where it's just like wherever homeless people live.
It was the alphabet city. It was like the worst. Um, well wait,
I want to back it up. When I first moved here the first night I was there,
this sounds like I'm making it up. And I'm not the first night I was there.
The dorm that I was in with all my roommates overlooked, um,
union square park, which is like needle park. You just went there to buy dope.
And that was it.
It was now you go there for cause it's a farmer's market and it's beautiful.
And I heard this guy screaming and screaming and screaming. I was like,
Jesus Christ. What's going on? Cause it was like a hundred degrees.
And of course there's no air conditioning.
I look out the window and I watched these cops beat up this guy. And I was like,
and then they dragged him down to the subway.
And the next day all these cops showed up at the dorms.
And it was that it was this guy, Michael Stewart.
It became a really famous case. He was a,
they called him a graffiti artists and he had been beat to death by the cops
and me and all my roommates saw it.
And the next day they came and took our statement and we all had to testify in
front of the grand jury. This is my first day out of Haverhill.
I witnessed a murder, but again,
it's like the same thing with like my deal at universal.
I was like to not even where to really comprehend.
Like things are happening.
I'm so jaded. It didn't disturb me or seem like, I don't know.
I don't know what's wrong with me,
but I am desensitized by all the violence I've witnessed as a child.
Well that w what did you see more violence before that?
Well, there's one famous thing. I remember as a kid,
there's two famous things. I just saw him when I was a kid.
The family business that my mom came from was like carnivals.
Like you ever see that movie Carney with Gary. Bucy,
that's exactly the life as a kid that I remember when I saw the movie,
I was like, this is, this is what this was our life. We were told.
That makes sense. This attraction, you have these drifters.
I was always wanted. I was surrounded by.
So that was the thing I remember as a kid,
except it was around 1977. I think it was, I remember kiss, love gun.
It just came out. Cause I was all.
Talked about it.
And the family worked at my mom and dad and we,
me and my brother had to work and sell food and stuff. And I hated,
I w we used to have to dip the candy apples in hand with people and they've
healed now. But I, all my hands I had, I had burns all over my hands.
Cause the apple candy would be so hot.
It would drip on my hand and burn my hands. Um, anyway, I digress.
But one night there was the gambling tents, which were all rigged, of course.
And someone had some guide getting fleeced for all of his money and came back
and lit the tent on fire. And then suddenly hit the fan.
Everybody that me and my little brother had been around all the time. It's like,
boom, all these guns start coming out and you start hearing guns popping up.
And then the tents just went like nothing was fireproof.
So everything's on fire. It's complete chaos.
And I was probably in fifth grade. My brother was probably in second grade,
everybody screaming and running around. And my, and this guy was like that.
I don't remember his name, but he worked there. He was like, Hey,
you guys should come over here. And before he finished the sentence,
somebody ran up and hit him in the face with a hammer and broke his whole face
opening. It was just gushing blood. And we're like,
and then eventually my parents got us in the car and we left, which was,
that was my parent. My mom was like, we're done. This is,
we're not doing this anymore. That was the last time we ever did it. Um, wow.
What a great way to go out though. But the.
Best was going to school on September. Like what did you do this summer?
And that was my story. Wow. We didn't go to Cape camp. Zyppah Saki.
We were in a carnival riot.
What was the gambling tent? Like what kind of games are they rigging?
I don't know. I mean,
everything's rigged like anything from an it's even a great scene in
Carney where, um, a friend of mine, who's in a lot of my moves,
Meg foster plays. When,
when she's holding all the long strands of rope and Joanie fought,
she's trained Jody. I was like,
you pull the rope and it's connected to a prize or I, or like everything's red.
Like the weighted led milk bottles. You're supposed to knock down the softball.
I mean, everything's rig. I mean,
it's certain ways that you know how to cheat him. So the,
when the guy showing you how to do it, look, it's so easy to throw it like this.
But as a certain way, you can throw it to work.
But otherwise I would never be in the gambling tans.
Cause they were actual gambling. We were like little tiny kids,
but it was probably roulette wheels. I'm guessing things like that though.
You know, the guys spins it and break, get something on his foot.
And it never stops on the number that the guy's got all of his money on.
Cause he let him win a bunch of times or something.
So when the fire broke out and people started shooting who.
Was shooting at who? I don't know what was going on. I just, you know,
we're a little kids like you don't really comprehending this going on only
fourth or fifth grade. Just like that. Guy's now got a gun. I hear gunshots.
Everything's on fire. There's smoke people screaming.
This guy is now gushing brains out of the front of his head.
So I said, there were two stories. I was, oh, the second story.
The second story I kind of put in this, the new movie three from hell.
This was like a, when I was in high school, it was in the backyard,
uh, rehearsing with my two friends or, you know, band or whatever.
And we heard the screaming and it was a bright sunny day that seemed like a
David Lynch movie suburbia.
And this fat naked guy was running down the street covered in blood.
He'd been stabbed a whole bunch of times.
Only people are mowing their lawns and looking at,
and I just remembered a bloody naked guy running down the street,
screaming like a weird scream. People scream weird when they get stabbed.
And um, so I put some, something like that in the movie, but it just, yeah.
What happened to him? I don't know. I don't know. He was like ran out.
He was knocking on people's doors. Like, hi, hello. He let me in. And again,
I was like, oh, that's weird. And I just went back and we continued rehearsing.
Whoa. Like again.
That must've flavored the music a little bit. Yeah. I don't.
Know. Just like I should be. I should be really bothered by things like that,
but I'm not.
Yeah. Well, I mean, there's a thing that happens when you see too much.
It's one of the reasons why cops and soldiers have some of the artists
sense of humor. I can see that. Yeah. They've just seen too many bodies.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
imagine the guys that have to come scrape up all the stuff off the road and put
it in the bags and he's yeah. I mean, after, you know yeah.
But yeah, that was the life. I remember it. I remember my mom's brother.
He would always, uh, he didn't always use, but sometimes he was a biker,
so he'd come over to the house and he had a chopper with iron crosses on it and
he kind of looked at limited the big mustache. And I was like, this guy is bad,
like drives around the neighborhoods where everyone can see us. You know,
it was a lot of that stuff.